# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/bindings/var2flex_dupe_checks/rebinding_a_let_binding_with_a_class_id_inside_a_function.md

> :: bindings : var2flex dupe checks
>
> ::> rebinding a let binding with a class id inside a function
> 
> In general, you can not declare a lex binding if a var binding exists on the same statement level or below but this check stops at function boundaries. There are no further restriction for var bindings beyond that.

## Input

`````js
function f(){let i; class i{}}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Attempted to create a lexical binding for `i` but another binding already existed on the same level

start@1:0, error@1:26
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ function f(){let i; class i{}}
   ║                           ^------- error
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
