# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/regexes/named_capturing_groups/duplicate_es2025/quantified_outer_group_inner_disjunction.md

> :: regexes : named capturing groups : duplicate es2025
>
> ::> quantified outer group inner disjunction
>
> ES2025: groups in different alternatives of a disjunction; outer {2} quantifier does not affect MightBothParticipate

## PASS

## Input

- `es = 16`

`````js
/(?:(?:(?<x>a)|(?<x>b))\k<x>){2}/
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:33},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:33},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'Literal',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:33},source:''},
        value: null,
        regex: { pattern: '(?:(?:(?<x>a)|(?<x>b))\\k<x>){2}', flags: '' },
        raw: '/(?:(?:(?<x>a)|(?<x>b))\\k<x>){2}/'
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (3x):
       REGEXN ASI
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:no]:

````js
/(?:(?:(?<x>a)|(?<x>b))\k<x>){2}/;
````

Produces same AST
