# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/for_statement/for-in/destructuring_edge_cases/silly_bad_case_with_string_property_and_assignment.md

> :: for statement : for-in : destructuring edge cases
>
> ::> silly bad case with string property and assignment
> 
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-for-in-and-for-of-statements-static-semantics-early-errors
> 
> > It is a Syntax Error if LeftHandSideExpression is either an ObjectLiteral or an ArrayLiteral and if LeftHandSideExpression is not covering an AssignmentPattern.

## Input

`````js
for ("foo".bar = x in obj);
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Left part of for-in must be assignable

start@1:0, error@1:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ for ("foo".bar = x in obj);
   ║ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
