# Tenko parser autogenerated test case

- From: tests/testcases/regexes/some_annexb_stuff/invalid_escape_char/autogen.md
- Path: tests/testcases/regexes/some_annexb_stuff/invalid_escape_char/gen/Character_class_range_right_without_uflag/a.md

> :: regexes : some annexb stuff : invalid escape char : gen : Character class range right without uflag
>
> ::> a

## Input


`````js
/[a-\a]/
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Regex: Cannot escape `a` in a regex char class

start@1:0, error@1:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ /[a-\a]/
   ║ ^^^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:8},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:8},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'Literal',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:8},source:''},
        value: null,
        regex: { pattern: '[a-\\a]', flags: '' },
        raw: '/[a-\\a]/'
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (3x):
       REGEXN ASI
`````

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode with annexB._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:yes]:

````js
/[a-\a]/;
````

Produces same AST
