# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/objects/await_var_in_computed.md

> :: objects
>
> ::> await var in computed
>
> Tests propagation of await piggy in certain circumstance
>
> Should be an error because the computed property has the "async context" of the arrow, which is not async. As such the `await` ident is just a varname and the `foo` ought to trigger a syntax error.
>
> (If it were an async arrow then the await expression would trigger an error at the arrow, since you can't have await in arrow param defaults)

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
async function f(){
  (fail = class A {
    [await foo](){};
    "x"(){}
  }) => {}
}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  The parameter header of an arrow inside an async function cannot contain `await` as varname nor as a keyword

start@1:0, error@5:5
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ async function f(){
 2 ║   (fail = class A {
 3 ║     [await foo](){};
 4 ║     "x"(){}
 5 ║   }) => {}
   ║      ^^------- error
 6 ║ }
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
