# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/async_keyword/newline_behavior/statement/asi_cases/trailing_arrow_comma_in_place_where_sequence_expression_is_not_allowed.md

> :: async keyword : newline behavior : statement : asi cases
>
> ::> trailing arrow comma in place where sequence expression is not allowed
>
> the computed property does NOT parse a sequence and the comma is not parsed as the arrow body it causes a crash

## Input

`````js
let x = {[async () => x, y]: z}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  The expression of a computed property key can not be a comma expression

start@1:0, error@1:23
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ let x = {[async () => x, y]: z}
   ║                        ^------- error
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
