# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/let_declaration/as_ident_in_sloppy/decl_in_sub_statement_be_expr/newlined_decl-looking_should_trigger_asi.md

> :: let declaration : as ident in sloppy : decl in sub statement be expr
>
> ::> newlined decl-looking should trigger asi
>
> should yield an assignment statement as a sibling node to the `for`
>
> See section E: https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-additions-and-changes-that-introduce-incompatibilities-with-prior-editions
>
> > 13.2: In ECMAScript 2015, a StatementList beginning with the token let followed by the input elements LineTerminator then Identifier is the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions, automatic semicolon insertion would always insert a semicolon before the Identifier input element.
>
> > 13.5: In ECMAScript 2015, a StatementListItem beginning with the token let followed by the token [ is the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions such a sequence would be the start of an ExpressionStatement.
>
> > 13.7: In ECMAScript 2015, if the ( token of a for statement is immediately followed by the token sequence let [ then the let is treated as the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions such a token sequence would be the start of an Expression.
>
> > 13.7: In ECMAScript 2015, if the ( token of a for-in statement is immediately followed by the token sequence let [ then the let is treated as the start of a ForDeclaration. In previous editions such a token sequence would be the start of an LeftHandSideExpression.
>
> (note: the spec doesn't explicitly allow `let` as a var name but rather forbids it under certain situations. For example: in strict mode and as let/const names)

## Input

`````js
for (;;) let 
 x = 1
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:2,column:6},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ForStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:12},source:''},
      init: null,
      test: null,
      update: null,
      body: {
        type: 'ExpressionStatement',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:9},end:{line:1,column:12},source:''},
        expression: {
          type: 'Identifier',
          loc:{start:{line:1,column:9},end:{line:1,column:12},source:''},
          name: 'let'
        }
      }
    },
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:2,column:1},end:{line:2,column:6},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'AssignmentExpression',
        loc:{start:{line:2,column:1},end:{line:2,column:6},source:''},
        left: {
          type: 'Identifier',
          loc:{start:{line:2,column:1},end:{line:2,column:2},source:''},
          name: 'x'
        },
        operator: '=',
        right: {
          type: 'Literal',
          loc:{start:{line:2,column:5},end:{line:2,column:6},source:''},
          value: 1,
          raw: '1'
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (12x):
       ID_for PUNC_PAREN_OPEN PUNC_SEMI PUNC_SEMI PUNC_PAREN_CLOSE
       ID_let ASI IDENT PUNC_EQ NUMBER_DEC ASI
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  `let` declaration not allowed here and `let` cannot be a regular var or label name in strict mode

start@1:0, error@1:9
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ for (;;) let
   ║          ^^^------- error
 2 ║  x = 1
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as strict mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:no]:

````js
for (;;) (let);
x = 1;
````

Produces same AST
