# Tenko parser autogenerated test case

- From: tests/testcases/group_or_arrow/group/invalid_arrow_header_things_that_are_valid_in_a_group/autogen.md
- Path: tests/testcases/group_or_arrow/group/invalid_arrow_header_things_that_are_valid_in_a_group/gen/in_group/await_foo.md

> :: group or arrow : group : invalid arrow header things that are valid in a group : gen : in group
>
> ::> await foo

## Input


`````js
( await foo )
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Missing closing paren `)` for group, found `foo` instead

start@1:0, error@1:8
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ ( await foo )
   ║         ^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:13},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:13},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'AwaitExpression',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:2},end:{line:1,column:11},source:''},
        argument: {
          type: 'Identifier',
          loc:{start:{line:1,column:8},end:{line:1,column:11},source:''},
          name: 'foo'
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (6x):
       PUNC_PAREN_OPEN ID_await IDENT PUNC_PAREN_CLOSE ASI
`````

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as module mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [module][annexb:no]:

````js
await foo;
````

Produces same AST
