# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/new/new_operator/before2fafter/can_not_new_dot_property_plusplus.md

> :: new : new operator : before2fafter
>
> ::> can not new dot property plusplus
>
> Syntactically the code is valid (as `(new x.y)++` however there is a static semantic rule that states
>
> https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-update-expressions-static-semantics-early-errors
>
> > It is an early Syntax Error if AssignmentTargetType of LeftHandSideExpression is not simple.
>
> And so it fails, anyways.

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
new x.y++
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Cannot postfix `++` a non-assignable value

start@1:0, error@1:7
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ new x.y++
   ║        ^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
