# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/let_declaration/let_as_identifier_in_sloppy_mode/let_as_var_name/in_for-loop-header/prop_access_as_expr_stmt.md

> :: let declaration : let as identifier in sloppy mode : let as var name : in for-loop-header
>
> ::> prop access as expr stmt
>
> See section E: https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-additions-and-changes-that-introduce-incompatibilities-with-prior-editions
>
> > 13.2: In ECMAScript 2015, a StatementList beginning with the token let followed by the input elements LineTerminator then Identifier is the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions, automatic semicolon insertion would always insert a semicolon before the Identifier input element.
>
> > 13.5: In ECMAScript 2015, a StatementListItem beginning with the token let followed by the token [ is the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions such a sequence would be the start of an ExpressionStatement.
>
> > 13.7: In ECMAScript 2015, if the ( token of a for statement is immediately followed by the token sequence let [ then the let is treated as the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions such a token sequence would be the start of an Expression.
>
> > 13.7: In ECMAScript 2015, if the ( token of a for-in statement is immediately followed by the token sequence let [ then the let is treated as the start of a ForDeclaration. In previous editions such a token sequence would be the start of an LeftHandSideExpression.
>
> (note: the spec doesn't explicitly allow `let` as a var name but rather forbids it under certain situations. For example: in strict mode and as let/const names)

## Input

`````js
for (let.foo;;);
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in four parsing modes: sloppy mode, strict mode script goal, module goal, web compat mode (always sloppy).

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:16},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ForStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:16},source:''},
      init: {
        type: 'MemberExpression',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:5},end:{line:1,column:12},source:''},
        object: {
          type: 'Identifier',
          loc:{start:{line:1,column:5},end:{line:1,column:8},source:''},
          name: 'let'
        },
        property: {
          type: 'Identifier',
          loc:{start:{line:1,column:9},end:{line:1,column:12},source:''},
          name: 'foo'
        },
        computed: false
      },
      test: null,
      update: null,
      body: {
        type: 'EmptyStatement',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:15},end:{line:1,column:16},source:''}
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (10x):
       ID_for PUNC_PAREN_OPEN ID_let PUNC_DOT IDENT PUNC_SEMI
       PUNC_SEMI PUNC_PAREN_CLOSE PUNC_SEMI
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Let binding missing binding names in strict mode

for (let.foo;;);
     ^^^------- error
`````


### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Web compat mode

Parsed in sloppy script mode but with the web compat flag enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy]:

````js
for (((let).foo);;) ;
````

Produces same AST
