# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/optional_chaining/tagged_template_asi.md

> :: optional chaining
>
> ::> tagged template asi
>
> A tagged template is an explicit syntax error because of this ambiguity
>
> If it were valid, ASI would not apply and it would be considered a(nother) footgun.
>
> Note: this is ``LeftHandSideExpression : OptionalChain[OptionalChain `?.` IdentifierName] : TemplateLiteral`` or whatever.

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
a?.bar
`foo`
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  A value containing the optional chaining operator cannot be followed by a template

start@1:0, error@2:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ a?.bar
 2 ║ `foo`
   ║ ^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
