# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/regexes/named_capturing_groups/non_bmp_unicode_long_escaped/idstart_name_dupe_check.md

> :: regexes : named capturing groups : non bmp unicode long escaped
>
> ::> idstart name dupe check
>
> Capturing group whole name is one non-bmp unicode ID_START
>
> This confirms whether back reference can reference a group with unicode non-bmp char `\u{2F9DF}` / `\ud87e\udddf`,
>
> This must fail because the `\u{...}` unicode escape is only valid with u-flag in regular expressions, and the flag is missing in this test case.

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
/(?<\u{2F9DF}>foo)met\k<\ud87e\udddf>/
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Regex: The es6 long unicode escape is only valid with u-flag; Encountered extended unicode escape (`\u{}`) or surrogate pair unicode quads (`\uxxxx\uxxxx`) which is only valid with u-flag; A double unicode quad escape that represents a surrogate pair in char class or group name is only valid with u-flag; Found a quad that was a surrogate pair which created a valid identifier character and that will only work with u-flag; Regex body had an escape that is only valid with an u-flag, but it had no u-flag

start@1:0, error@1:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ /(?<\u{2F9DF}>foo)met\k<\ud87e\udddf>/
   ║ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
