# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/directive_prologues/octals/in_string_before_directive/octal_after_asi_v3.md

> :: directive prologues : octals : in string before directive
>
> ::> octal after asi v3
>
> Check whether the parser properly remembers seeing an octal, even when not yet in strict mode. It should reject the escape once a strict mode directive is validated.
>
> Note: this variation has three backslashes, testing whether this is properly handled (ignored)

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
function f(){
  "x\\\01"
  "use strict"
}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Octal escapes are only allowed in sloppy mode with web compat enabled

start@1:0, error@2:2
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ function f(){
 2 ║   "x\\\01"
   ║   ^^^^^^^^------- error
 3 ║   "use strict"
 4 ║ }
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Illegal legacy octal escape in strict mode

start@1:0, error@2:2
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ function f(){
 2 ║   "x\\\01"
   ║   ^^^^^^^^------- error
 3 ║   "use strict"
 4 ║ }
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Octal in directive with strict mode directive or in strict mode is always illegal

start@1:0, error@4:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ function f(){
 2 ║   "x\\\01"
 3 ║   "use strict"
 4 ║ }
   ║ ^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as strict mode._
