# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/await/await_as_arg_default/await_with_arg/in_async/arrow_complex_await/class_with_computed_method_containing_await_keyword_followed_by_a_simple_ident_method_that_should_not_clobber_the_state.md

> :: await : await as arg default : await with arg : in async : arrow complex await
>
> ::> class with computed method containing await keyword followed by a simple ident method that should not clobber the state
>
> This should fail because the method name definition of the class runs in the context of the arg default.
>
> As such it's violating the rule of no await/yield in arg defaults and should reject.
>
> There was a bug where a regular method after such violation would plainly clobber the state flags that track this

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
async function f(){    (fail = class A {[await foo](){}; "x"(){}}) => {}    }
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in four parsing modes: sloppy mode, strict mode script goal, module goal, web compat mode (always sloppy).

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  An arrow inside an async function/arrow can not have `await` in its arguments

async function f(){    (fail = class A {[await foo](){}; "x"(){}}) => {}    }
                                                                   ^------- error
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Web compat mode

Parsed in sloppy script mode but with the web compat flag enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
