# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/await/await_as_arg_default/await_with_arg/in_async/arrow_complex_await/class_method_computed_key_await_arg_async.md

> :: await : await as arg default : await with arg : in async : arrow complex await
>
> ::> class method computed key await arg async
>
> The `await x` runs in the context of the parent function (async code), is not the name or default of a param, and should be fine.
>
> However. This class is the default value of an arrow param where the await is illegal and so it throws.
>
> The "x" method asserts the state of having parsed an await is not clobbered when returning the state

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
async function f(){
  (fail = class A {[await x](){}; "x"(){}}) => {}
}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in four parsing modes: sloppy mode, strict mode script goal, module goal, web compat mode (always sloppy).

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  The parameter header of an arrow inside an async function cannot contain `await` as varname nor as a keyword

start@1:0, error@2:44
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ async function f(){
 2 ║   (fail = class A {[await x](){}; "x"(){}}) => {}
   ║                                             ^^------- error
 3 ║ }
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Web compat mode

Parsed in sloppy script mode but with the web compat flag enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
