# Tenko parser test cases

- Path: zeparser3/tests/testcases/objects/good_supers/autogen.md

> :: objects
>
> ::> good supers
> 
> I can't find any rule that restricts the lexical position of `super()` beyond "in a proper constructor"
> 
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-super-keyword-runtime-semantics-evaluation
> 
> So it should syntactically be ok to use inside a property as long as it's inside a proper constructor
> 
> The rules for a `super` property are even more relaxed
> 
> Note: `super` properties are "simple" (heh) and should be valid in destructuring assignments
> 
> -> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-static-semantics-static-semantics-assignmenttargettype

These cases are automatically extrapolated and written to their own file.
Each case is applied to each test by simply replacing `#` with the actual case.

## Input

### Cases

> `````js
> super
> `````

> `````js
> super()
> `````

> `````js
> super.cool
> `````

> `````js
> super[cool]
> `````

### Templates

#### object with string key

`````js
class x extends y {
  constructor() {
    ({"foo": #})
  }
}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Private identifier must start with a valid IdentifierStart character

start@1:0, error@3:14
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ class x extends y {
 2 ║   constructor() {
 3 ║     ({"foo": #})
   ║               ^------- error
 4 ║   }
 5 ║ }
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
