# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/numbers/must_be_separated/3in.md

> :: numbers : must be separated
>
> ::> 3in
>
> While unambiguous, in general there is a rule that says:
>
> > The SourceCharacter immediately following a NumericLiteral must not be an IdentifierStart or DecimalDigit.
>
> And it explicitly mentions `3in`. But note that something like `0b00intanceof` is also illegal, etc. It mostly affects `in` and `instanceof`, though. And is probably only relevant to minifiers ;)

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
3in x
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Found `i`. It is not legal for an ident or number token to start after a number token without some form of separation

start@1:0, error@1:1
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ 3in x
   ║  ^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
