# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/classes/piggies_in_classes/await/wrapped_in_async_func/in_extends_with_args.md

> :: classes : piggies in classes : await : wrapped in async func
>
> ::> in extends with args
>
> Extends ("ClassHeritage") is expecting a "LeftHandSideExpression" which is a production that does not lead to an `await` expression. Under an `async` function the name "await" can also not be a binding name so it must be an error.

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
async function f() {   class x extends await y { }   }
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  An `await` expression is not allowed here

start@1:0, error@1:39
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ async function f() {   class x extends await y { }   }
   ║                                        ^^^^^------- error
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
