# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/classes/fields/class_field_inside_func_init_arguments.md

> :: classes : fields
>
> ::> class field inside func init arguments
>
> Class field init can _never_ contain `arguments` unscoped because the init runs inside a special function. The spec has an explicit early error for that case (ContainsArguments of Initializer is true -> early error). Reject in all modes.

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
function f() {
  class C { x = arguments; }
}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Cannot reference `arguments` in class field initializer

start@1:0, error@2:16
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ function f() {
 2 ║   class C { x = arguments; }
   ║                 ^^^^^^^^^------- error
 3 ║ }
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
