# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/bindings/functions/dupe_args_definitions/simple_args/with_explicit_directive/invalidated_by_rest.md

> :: bindings : functions : dupe args definitions : simple args : with explicit directive
>
> ::> invalidated by rest
> 
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-function-definitions-static-semantics-early-errors
> > It is a Syntax Error if (IsSimpleParameterList of FormalParameterList is false or strict mode is true) and BoundNames of FormalParameterList contains any duplicate elements.


## Input


`````js
function f(b, a, b, ...a) {"use strict"}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Can only declare use strict if func params are "simple"

start@1:0, error@1:39
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ function f(b, a, b, ...a) {"use strict"}
   ║                                        ^------- error
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
