# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/let_declaration/let_as_identifier_in_sloppy_mode/x0060letx0060_is_a_decl_and_in_sub_statement_should_result_in_x0060letx0060_variable_expression/asi_case_for_block.md

> :: let declaration : let as identifier in sloppy mode : x0060letx0060 is a decl and in sub statement should result in x0060letx0060 variable expression
>
> ::> asi case for block
>
> should yield a block statement as a sibling node to the `for`
>
> See section E: https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-additions-and-changes-that-introduce-incompatibilities-with-prior-editions
>
> > 13.2: In ECMAScript 2015, a StatementList beginning with the token let followed by the input elements LineTerminator then Identifier is the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions, automatic semicolon insertion would always insert a semicolon before the Identifier input element.
>
> > 13.5: In ECMAScript 2015, a StatementListItem beginning with the token let followed by the token [ is the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions such a sequence would be the start of an ExpressionStatement.
>
> > 13.7: In ECMAScript 2015, if the ( token of a for statement is immediately followed by the token sequence let [ then the let is treated as the start of a LexicalDeclaration. In previous editions such a token sequence would be the start of an Expression.
>
> > 13.7: In ECMAScript 2015, if the ( token of a for-in statement is immediately followed by the token sequence let [ then the let is treated as the start of a ForDeclaration. In previous editions such a token sequence would be the start of an LeftHandSideExpression.
>
> (note: the spec doesn't explicitly allow `let` as a var name but rather forbids it under certain situations. For example: in strict mode and as let/const names)

## Input

`````js
for (;;) let 
 {}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in four parsing modes: sloppy mode, strict mode script goal, module goal, web compat mode (always sloppy).

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:2,column:3},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ForStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:12},source:''},
      init: null,
      test: null,
      update: null,
      body: {
        type: 'ExpressionStatement',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:9},end:{line:1,column:12},source:''},
        expression: {
          type: 'Identifier',
          loc:{start:{line:1,column:9},end:{line:1,column:12},source:''},
          name: 'let'
        }
      }
    },
    {
      type: 'BlockStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:2,column:1},end:{line:2,column:3},source:''},
      body: []
    }
  ]
}

tokens (10x):
       ID_for PUNC_PAREN_OPEN PUNC_SEMI PUNC_SEMI PUNC_PAREN_CLOSE
       ID_let ASI PUNC_CURLY_OPEN PUNC_CURLY_CLOSE
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  `let` declaration not allowed here and `let` cannot be a regular var or label name in strict mode

start@1:0, error@1:9
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ for (;;) let
   ║          ^^^------- error
 2 ║  {}
╚══╩════════════════

`````


### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Web compat mode

Parsed in sloppy script mode but with the web compat flag enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy]:

````js
for (;;) (let);
{}
````

Produces same AST
