# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/tagged_templates/escapes/hex/partial_hex_triggers_regex_assert.md

> :: tagged templates : escapes : hex
>
> ::> partial hex triggers regex assert
>
> This regression is a little weird but it seems as if the invalid-yet-ignored hex escape in the tagged template was triggering an error in the partial regex
>
> Turned out certain global variables weren't reset between lexer cycles.

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
y`\x`; /[\
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Regex: Early EOF after backslash in char class

start@1:0, error@1:7
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ y`\x`; /[\
   ║        ^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
