# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/lexer_cases/strings_double/octal_escapes/27.md

> :: lexer cases : strings double : octal escapes
>
> ::> 27
>
> non-octal-digit-escape is never legal
>
> DoubleStringCharacter -> `\` EscapeSequence -> CharacterEscapeSequence -> NonEscapeCharacter -> SourceCharacter but not one of EscapeCharacter or LineTerminator -> (EscapeCharacter:) DecimalDigit -> 0123456789

## Input

`````js
"\9"
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:4},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:4},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'Literal',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:4},source:''},
        value: '9',
        raw: '"\\9"'
      },
      directive: '\\9'
    }
  ]
}

tokens (3x):
       STRING_DOUBLE ASI
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    The grammar does not allow to escape the 8 or the 9 character

start@1:0, error@1:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ "\9"
   ║ ^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as strict mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:no]:

````js
"\9";
````

Produces same AST
