# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/html_comments/open_comment/html_open_without_close_1.md

> :: html comments : open comment
>
> ::> html open without close 1
>
> because `;<` is illegal
>
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-html-like-comments
>
> Similar to a MultiLineComment that contains a line terminator code point, a SingleLineHTMLCloseComment is considered to be a LineTerminator for purposes of parsing by the syntactic grammar.
>
> note: the SingleLineHTMLCloseComment is not "just" `-->` and so arbitrary occurrences of that token do not yield a pseudo-newline (in particular, I don't think it closes an html open...)

## Input

`````js
call(); <!-- foo
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Expected to parse a value

start@1:0, error@1:8
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ call(); <!-- foo
   ║         ^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:16},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:7},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'CallExpression',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:6},source:''},
        optional: false,
        callee: {
          type: 'Identifier',
          loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:4},source:''},
          name: 'call'
        },
        arguments: []
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (5x):
       IDENT PUNC_PAREN_OPEN PUNC_PAREN_CLOSE PUNC_SEMI
`````

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:yes]:

````js
call();
````

Produces same AST
