# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/functions/dupe_params_with_arr_pattern.md

> :: functions
>
> ::> dupe params with arr pattern
>
> By fuzzer, v8 only
>
> Error: Duplicate parameter name not allowed in this context
>
> The pattern makes the params "complex", so the duplicate binding triggers the syntax error.
>
> There was a regression where this would still throw in sloppy mode because the future keyword detection would mark the param as "complex" in order for it to throw if the body turned out to be strict mode. Basically solved it by adding another state to indicate non-strict-but-simple.
>
> Another regression was that patterns and rest were not detected as complex.

## Input

`````js
function x([public], public){}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Function had duplicate params

start@1:0, error@1:21
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ function x([public], public){}
   ║                      ^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Cannot use this name (`public`) as a variable name because: Cannot use this reserved word as a variable name in strict mode

start@1:0, error@1:12
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ function x([public], public){}
   ║             ^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as strict mode._
