# Tenko parser test cases

- Path: zeparser3/tests/testcases/functions/declaration/block_scoped/autogen.md

> :: functions 
>
> ::> function statements
>
> Function declarations in block statements ("function statements") are considered
> lexical declarations so any redeclaration that follows, even `var`, is illegal.
>
> Function modifiers (`async` etc) do not change this.

These cases are automatically extrapolated and written to their own file.
Each case is applied to each test by simply replacing `#` with the actual case.

## Input

### Cases

> `````js
> function f(){}
> `````

> `````js
> function *f(){}
> `````

> `````js
> async function f(){}
> `````

> `````js
> async function *f(){}
> `````

> `````js
> function(){}
> `````

### Templates

#### func func

It is explicitly allowed for function statements to be shadowed by function declarations.

https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-block-duplicates-allowed-static-semantics

This exception does not apply to two function statements.

`````js
{ # # }
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Private identifier must start with a valid IdentifierStart character

start@1:0, error@1:3
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ { # # }
   ║    ^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
