# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/group_or_arrow/arrow/MUST_DESTRUCT_cases/nested_in_array/arrow_on_property_on_something_that_MUST_be_a_pattern.md

> :: group or arrow : arrow : MUST DESTRUCT cases : nested in array
>
> ::> arrow on property on something that MUST be a pattern
>
> I believe the fail cases fail because https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#prod-DestructuringAssignmentTarget
>
> (The object is treated as an expression, not a pattern, and so the {a=b} is an error as per CoverInitializedName in https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-object-initializer-static-semantics-early-errors )

## Input

`````js
([{x = y}].z) => obj
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Pattern can not have a tail but did not find a comma or closing paren of the arrow header

start@1:0, error@1:10
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ ([{x = y}].z) => obj
   ║           ^------- error
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
