# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/directive_prologues/octal_in_class_method.md

> :: directive prologues
>
> ::> octal in class method
>
> Regression was not flagging octal escape inside a class method when it appeared in the second (not first) directive
>
> The reason is that we don't apply strict mode while parsing directives and did not check the octal flag with the previous state restored
>
> Additionally, the octal scanner was invalid...

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
class x {
  y(){
    "";
    "\5";
  }
}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Illegal legacy octal escape in strict mode

start@1:0, error@4:4
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ class x {
 2 ║   y(){
 3 ║     "";
 4 ║     "\5";
   ║     ^^^^------- error
 5 ║   }
 6 ║ }
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
