# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/delete/delete_float_no_space.md

> :: delete
>
> ::> delete float no space
>
> Looks weird but is valid. Just throwing a number.
>
> This is not the same as `3in`, because the rule only applies to tokens following a number
>
> > The SourceCharacter immediately following a NumericLiteral must not be an IdentifierStart or DecimalDigit.

## Input

`````js
delete.500
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:10},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:10},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'UnaryExpression',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:10},source:''},
        operator: 'delete',
        prefix: true,
        argument: {
          type: 'Literal',
          loc:{start:{line:1,column:6},end:{line:1,column:10},source:''},
          value: 0.5,
          raw: '.500'
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (4x):
       ID_delete NUMBER_DEC ASI
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:no]:

````js
delete .500;
````

Produces same AST
