# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/regexes/named_capturing_groups/non_bmp_unicode/idrest_as_start_of_groupname.u.md

> :: regexes : named capturing groups : non bmp unicode
>
> ::> idrest as start of groupname.u
>
> This checks whether `\u{1D7D0}` / `\uD835\uDFD0` is accepted as the start of a valid group name start
>
> I think that because RegExpIdentifierName is syntactically not parse-able (because the first character is a number), the whole thing is never "again" parsed as a groupname in webcompat mode. In other words, it never traverses the +N route.
>
> Since it won't trigger +N, it won't parse a group in webcompat, so it passes as an extended atom.

## Input

`````js
/(?<@{x1d7d0}@rest>foo)/u
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Regex: Wanted to parse an unescaped group name specifier but it had a bad start: [`@{xd835}@`, 55349]

start@1:0, error@1:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ /(?<@{x1d7d0}@rest>foo)/u
   ║ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:17},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:17},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'Literal',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:17},source:''},
        value: null,
        regex: { pattern: '(?<@{x1d7d0}@rest>foo)', flags: 'u' },
        raw: '/(?<@{x1d7d0}@rest>foo)/u'
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (3x):
       REGEXU ASI
`````

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode with annexB._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:yes]:

````js
/(?<@{x1d7d0}@rest>foo)/u;
````

Produces same AST
