# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/for_statement/for-loop/lhs_edge_cases/pattern_eval_shorthand.md

> :: for statement : for-loop : lhs edge cases
>
> ::> pattern eval shorthand
>
> Regression with `eval` as a shorthand in the lhs of a `for`.
>
> The `eval` would be a read and write and a write to `eval` is illegal in strict mode.
>
> (The error is a bit confusing because the parser already knows this _must_ be a destructuring assignment, or `in` or `of`, so it emits a premature error about `eval` not being assignable. For the code, a more appropriate error would be to state that the object literal must be a pattern and is invalid in the current conext of a regular for loop. But oh well.)

## Input

`````js
for ({ eval = 0 } ;;) ;
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Cannot use lhs as regular for-loop because it must destruct

start@1:0, error@1:5
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ for ({ eval = 0 } ;;) ;
   ║      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Cannot use this name (`eval`) as a variable name because: Cannot create a binding named `eval` in strict mode

start@1:0, error@1:7
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ for ({ eval = 0 } ;;) ;
   ║        ^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as strict mode._
