# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/identifiers/zwj.md

> :: identifiers
>
> ::> zwj
>
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-unicode-format-control-characters
>
> > U+200C (ZERO WIDTH NON-JOINER) and U+200D (ZERO WIDTH JOINER) are format-control characters that are used to make necessary distinctions when forming words or phrases in certain languages. In ECMAScript source text these code points may also be used in an IdentifierName after the first character.

## PASS

## Input

`````js
left@{x200d}@right
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:10},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:10},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'Identifier',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:10},source:''},
        name: 'left@{x200d}@right'
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (3x):
       IDENT ASI
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:no]:

````js
left@{x200d}@right;
````

Produces same AST
