# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/templates/bad_escapes/octal_escapes/octal_zero_is_ok_even_in_strict_mode.md

> :: templates : bad escapes : octal escapes
>
> ::> octal zero is ok even in strict mode
>
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#prod-CodePoint
>
> > "A conforming implementation must not use the extended definition of EscapeSequence described in B.1.2 when parsing a TemplateCharacter."
>
> (these can be extended for string but should always be errors for non-tagged templates)

## Input

`````js
`a\0b`
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:6},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExpressionStatement',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:6},source:''},
      expression: {
        type: 'TemplateLiteral',
        loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:1,column:6},source:''},
        expressions: [],
        quasis: [
          {
            type: 'TemplateElement',
            loc:{start:{line:1,column:1},end:{line:1,column:5},source:''},
            tail: true,
            value: { raw: 'a\\0b', cooked: 'a\x00b' }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (3x):
       TICK_PURE ASI
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [sloppy][annexb:no]:

````js
`a\0b`;
````

Produces same AST
