# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/regexes/named_capturing_groups/non_bmp_unicode_long_escaped_with_uflag/idrest_group_name_dupe_check_lhs.md

> :: regexes : named capturing groups : non bmp unicode long escaped with uflag
>
> ::> idrest group name dupe check lhs
>
> This checks whether `\u{1D7D0}` / `\uD835\uDFD0` is accepted inside a valid group
>
> The backreference should fail to match the group because it's only half of the surrogate pair

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
/(?<abc\u{1D7D0}def>foo\k<abc\uD835def>)/u
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Regex: Found a unicode ruby escape which is only valid with u-flag or v-flag; Encountered invalid unicode escape inside the group name of a `\k` escape, this can not become valid without web compat mode

start@1:0, error@1:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ /(?<abc\u{1D7D0}def>foo\k<abc\uD835def>)/u
   ║ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Regex: Found a unicode ruby escape which is only valid with u-flag or v-flag; Encountered invalid unicode escape inside the group name of a `\k` escape, this is invalid with u-flag or v-flag

start@1:0, error@1:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ /(?<abc\u{1D7D0}def>foo\k<abc\uD835def>)/u
   ║ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode with annexB._
