# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/let_declaration/as_ident_in_sloppy/let_as_var_name/do_let_while.md

> :: let declaration : as ident in sloppy : let as var name
>
> ::> do let while
>
> By fuzzer, zeparser only
>
> The newline after `let` should trigger ASI in sloppy mode and not bind the next ident if that was illegal.
>
> In strict mode this is always an error regardless.
>
> In do-while the sub-statement (in sloppy mode in this case the expression `let`) would require either a newline or an explicit semi-colon.
>
> So this is still an error due to ASI not applying.

## Input

`````js
do let while(x)
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Unable to ASI

start@1:0, error@1:7
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ do let while(x)
   ║        ^^^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  `let` declaration not allowed here and `let` cannot be a regular var or label name in strict mode

start@1:0, error@1:3
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ do let while(x)
   ║    ^^^------- error
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as strict mode._
