# Tenko parser autogenerated test case

- From: tests/testcases/regexes/regular_expression_disambiguation/keyword_asi_div/autogen.md
- Path: tests/testcases/regexes/regular_expression_disambiguation/keyword_asi_div/keyword_asi_regex_flag/export_default.md

> :: regexes : regular expression disambiguation : keyword asi div : keyword asi regex flag
>
> ::> export default
>
> I guess a `/` _can_ be valid after `default` after all

## Input

`````js
export default
/x/g
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  The `export` keyword can only be used with the module goal

start@1:0, error@1:0
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ export default
   ║ ^^^^^^------- error
 2 ║ /x/g
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

`````
ast: {
  type: 'Program',
  loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:2,column:4},source:''},
  body: [
    {
      type: 'ExportDefaultDeclaration',
      loc:{start:{line:1,column:0},end:{line:2,column:4},source:''},
      declaration: {
        type: 'Literal',
        loc:{start:{line:2,column:0},end:{line:2,column:4},source:''},
        value: null,
        regex: { pattern: 'x', flags: 'g' },
        raw: '/x/g'
      }
    }
  ]
}

tokens (5x):
       ID_export ID_default REGEXN ASI
`````

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as module mode._

## AST Printer

Printer output different from input [module][annexb:no]:

````js
export default /x/g;
````

Produces same AST
