# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/directive_prologues/octals/in_string_after_asi/octal_2_after_asi.md

> :: directive prologues : octals : in string after asi
>
> ::> octal 2 after asi
>
> This tests a nasty case of using octals after the "use strict" directive which has no semi-colon, but rather ASI.
>
> This may only be nasty for Tenko but the problem is that the lexer always scans one token ahead. And before it can consider a string to be a directive it first has to verify that there was a semi or otherwise that it had no tail (member expression, call, etc).
>
> To do this it must scan one token forward, meaning it would consume that token. The problem is that the lexerFlags are still in flux at this point since the current string token may change them.
>
> This test case illustrates this quite clearly: the directive is checked but the next token is already parsed. The directive enables strict mode which means the next token (containing an octal escape) should now trigger an error. Except it was already lexed. So we have to re-validate it.
>
> This check regressed at some point and there was no test like this in place to catch that regression.
>
> This should fail in all modes since strict mode is enabled per the directive

## FAIL

## Input

`````js
function f(){
  "use strict"
  "x\2"
}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Octal escapes are only allowed in sloppy mode with web compat enabled

start@1:0, error@3:2
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ function f(){
 2 ║   "use strict"
 3 ║   "x\2"
   ║   ^^^^^------- error
 4 ║ }
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

`````
throws: Lexer error!
    Illegal legacy octal escape in strict mode

start@1:0, error@3:2
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ function f(){
 2 ║   "use strict"
 3 ║   "x\2"
   ║   ^^^^^------- error
 4 ║ }
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as strict mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Octal in directive with strict mode directive or in strict mode is always illegal

start@1:0, error@3:2
╔══╦════════════════
 1 ║ function f(){
 2 ║   "use strict"
 3 ║   "x\2"
   ║   ^^^^^------- error
 4 ║ }
╚══╩════════════════

`````

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as strict mode._
