# Tenko parser test case

- Path: tests/testcases/bindings/arrow_args/dupe_args_definitions/simple_args/invalidated_by_default.md

> :: bindings : arrow args : dupe args definitions : simple args
>
> ::> invalidated by default
> 
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#prod-ArrowFormalParameters
> 
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#prod-UniqueFormalParameters
> 
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#prod-FormalParameters
> 
> > UniqueFormalParameters: FormalParameters
> 
> >   It is a Syntax Error if BoundNames of FormalParameters contains any duplicate elements.
> 
> (stricter than func decls since there's no exception for simple args and sloppy mode)


## Input


`````js
(b, a, b, a = x) => {}
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in five parsing modes: sloppy, sloppy+annexb, strict script, module, module+annexb.

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Arrow had duplicate params

start@1:0, error@1:10
╔══╦═════════════════
 1 ║ (b, a, b, a = x) => {}
   ║           ^------- error
╚══╩═════════════════

`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Sloppy mode with AnnexB

Parsed with script goal with AnnexB rules enabled and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal with AnnexB

Parsed with the module goal with AnnexB rules enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
